feat: Added dlpack device (#1165)
ml-explore/mlx: docs/src/usage/numpy.rst

Conversion to NumPy and Other Frameworks
========================================

> MLX array supports conversion between other frameworks through either:  
> 
> 1. The `Python Buffer Protocol <https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html>`_. 
> 2. `DLPack <https://dmlc.github.io/dlpack/latest/>`_.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLX array supports conversion between other frameworks with either:  

* The `Python Buffer Protocol <https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html>`_. 
* `DLPack <https://dmlc.github.io/dlpack/latest/>`_.  
```

========================================

> MLX array implements the `Python Buffer Protocol <https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html>`_.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

It's important to note that a similar issue arises during array conversion and copying.
For instance, a function defined as ``mx.array(np.array(x)**2).sum()`` would also result in an incorrect gradient,
even though no in-place operations on MLX memory are executed.

> ``mx.array`` supports dlpack as well.

Reviewer: This is not the right spot for this. Too buried. I will make a suggestion further up.

Reviewer: Can you do something like at Line 6?

```
MLX array supports conversion between other frameworks through either:

1. The `Python Buffer Protocol <https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html>`_. 
2. `DLPack <https://dmlc.github.io/dlpack/latest/>`_.

Let's convert an array to NumPy and back.
```

Author: I have made the requested changes. Thank you!!
